Feature: Remove Implicit RHS Evaluation in Autonomous Problems With the Trivial Predictor (#495)
LLNL/sundials: doc/shared/RecentChanges.rst

:c:func:`ARKodeButcherTable_DIRKIDToName` to convert a Butcher table ID to a
string representation.

Added the function :c:func:`ARKodeSetAutonomous` in ARKODE to indicate that the
implicit right-hand side function does not explicitly depend on time. When using
the trivial predictor, an autonomous problem may reuse implicit function

> evaluations across stage solves reducing the total number of function
> evaluations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
evaluations across stage solves to reduce the total number of function
evaluations.
```
